README.md, before:

# kubernetes-deploy-action
This repo accepts a helm value file, chart title, and image tag for the clevyr-cloud 
helm chart and updates the resource in kubernetes.

## Prerequisites
In order for this repo to properly 

## Environment Variables

| Variable      | Details                                                                                 | Example                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| CHART_TITLE   | The chart that was deployed associated with the resource stack that is getting updated. | `clevyr-com`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| REPO_URL      | The docker repository to pull for the deployment image.                                 | `396720968759.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/clevyr-com/app`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| REPO_TAG      | The tag of the image to pull for the deployment image.                                  | `latest`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| KUBECONFIGB64 | Base64 encoded version of the kube_config needed to connect to the cluster.             | `TWFuIGlzIGRpc3Rpbmd1aXNoZWQsIG5vdCBvbmx5IGJ5IGhpcyByZWFzb24sIGJ1dCBieSB0aGlzIHNpbmd1bGFyIHBhc3Npb24gZnJvbSBvdGhlciBhbmltYWxzLCB3aGljaCBpcyBhIGx1c3Qgb2YgdGhlIG1pbmQsIHRoYXQgYnkgYSBwZXJzZXZlcmFuY2Ugb2YgZGVsaWdodCBpbiB0aGUgY29udGludWVkIGFuZCBpbmRlZmF0aWdhYmxlIGdlbmVyYXRpb24gb2Yga25vd2xlZGdlLCBleGNlZWRzIHRoZSBzaG9ydCB2ZWhlbWVuY2Ugb2YgYW55IGNhcm5hbCBwbGVhc3VyZS4=` |

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add new envs for Google Cloud login before updating deployment image

README.md, after:

# kubernetes-deploy-action
This repo accepts a helm value file, chart title, and image tag for the clevyr-cloud 
helm chart and updates the resource in kubernetes.

## Prerequisites
In order for this repo to properly 

## Environment Variables

| Variable            | Details                                                                                 | Example                                       |
|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| CHART_TITLE         | The chart that was deployed associated with the resource stack that is getting updated. | `clevyr-com`                                  |
| REPO_URL            | The docker repository to pull for the deployment image.                                 | `us.gcr.io/motus-k8s-cluster/clevyr-com`      |
| REPO_TAG            | The tag of the image to pull for the deployment image.                                  | `latest`                                      |
| GCLOUD_CLUSTER_NAME | The cluster name to activate credentials for.                                           | `motus-cluster`                               |
| GCLOUD_REGION       | The location of the cluster.                                                            | `us-central1`                                 |
| GCLOUD_KEY_FILE     | The JSON of the key-file to authenticate to Google Cloud.                               | `{"type":"service_account","project_id":...}` |
